Fix: set max-width for enums (#1250)
commercetools/commercetools-docs-kit: .changeset/afraid-lamps-sort.md

---
'@commercetools-docs/gatsby-theme-api-docs': patch
---

> Fix enum types that take the full width of a page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enum types are not taking the full width of the page any more in wide layout pages
- The side column now has the correct, slightly wider, width in the wide layout to match the minimum width promised for body content. 
```
